AI   is   already   used
across   your   organisation:
in   replies,   analyses,   images,
applications   and   meeting
notes.
But   who   uses   which
system,   for   what
purpose,   with   what   data,
and   who   is
responsible?
When   those   answers   are
scattered   across   chats,
teams   and   spreadsheets,   the
evidence   is   missing
when   it   matters.
AI   Registry   turns   daily
AI   use   into
a   verifiable   use   case.
The   initial   capture
takes   about   thirty   seconds.
Capture   system,   purpose,   data
context   and   owner.
A   human   reviews
it.
The   result   is   a
Use   Case   Pass:
purpose,   owner,   review,   controls
and   evidence   in
one   document.
The   register,   Quick   Capture,
Use   Case   Pass
and   PDF   or   JSON
exports   remain   free.
Permanently.
Also   free:   templates,   public
resources,   access   tools
and   four   certified   Article
4   trainings.
For   many   use   cases,
Governance   Control   brings
together   reviews,   policies,   roles
and   audit   exports.
The   training   combines   an
exam,   certificate   and
direct   application   in   the
register.
Start   with   one   real
AI   use   case.
It   is   free,
requires   no   consulting   call,
and   asks   for
no   credit   card.
Then   forward   this   film
to   the   person
who   needs   the   overview
across   your   organisation.